# Data-Warehouse-Design-
In this project, I will focus on the topic of alcohol use and alcohol use disorders among adolescents and college-age populations. The data is obtained from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) data warehouse. BRFSS collects state data across the nation about U.S. residents regarding their health-related risk behaviors, chronic health conditions, and use of preventive services in the means of surveys and interviews. For this analysis, we are using the national and Oklahoma demographic data as well as the survey result.
The survey data consists of 7 columns and 667 rows covering information like zip code, survey question, response, break out categories, break out, sample size, and data value. Among those, the sample size gives the total number of people who were asked the question, and the column marked Data_Value gives the number of people who responded “Yes” to the survey question. The demographics data contains information of zip code, city name, and county name.  The national data has 2185 rows across different states, and the Oklahoma demographics data has a total of 764 records. With MySQL Workbench, I will explore and gain an understanding of the data first, and then I’ll design the ERD to visualize the relationship between tables. For the analysis part, I am going to propose methods to identify groups of adolescents who may be at the highest risk for alcohol abuse and find the areas of OK that have the highest and lowest number of respondents for adolescent alcohol abuse using SQL queries.


